I wasn't ready
I have no one's you know related but I'm
very thankful that I have a little
chicken gums they gave people freak out
when they see you for the first time
it's sort of cool always that a water
slide or by myself everyone hope you
said the bottom opens - they're waiting
for other people to come down here I
plumper they're freaking out their life
and also tempted to look at myself there
were times where I sort of looked at my
life and thinking well I can't do this I
can't do that and you keep on
concentrating on the things that you
wish you had all the things that you
wish you didn't have and you sort of
forget what you do have and there's no
point I believe in my life where I wish
had I'm saying so wish had on place to
be shed on expedition are going to help
it what I've seen in life for just a
couple key principles is the first thing
that I've seen is to be thankful it's
hard to be thankful man I'd say that
when I was eight years old I I sort of
summed up my life and thought I'm never
gonna get married up you know I'm not
gonna have a job I'm not gonna have a
life of goodness what kind of a husband
thing am I gonna be but can't even hold
my wife's name
it's a lie to think that you're not good
enough it's a lie to think that you're
not worth anything
I can throw my hand I love life you know
so many people come and said how come
you smile so much and I'm like well it's
it's it's a long story but it's very
simply the same time you see it's very
hard to smile sometimes in life there
are things that happen that you don't
know when you don't understand and you
don't know if you're gonna get through
it you know you go through your storms
in life and you don't know how long the
storm is gonna be and today I want to
share with you some principles that I've
learnt in my life
being patient beautiful I tell you it's
the hottest date but I realized that may
not have hands to hold my wife's name
but when the time comes I'll be able to
falter huh
you know it is scary tonight how many
girls have eating disorders
it is spirits or not how many people are
just angry alive because of their
situation at home and anger and others
scary so now how many people actually
feel like they're worth nothing
every single girl right here right now I
want you to know thank you
you are gorgeous just the way you are
and your boys you're the man
on this DVD I share my experiences in
life of half overcome challenges and
seen a new fresh perspective in life to
be thankful to dream big
it's a never give up I speak to children
youth and adults about key issues and
principles that I've applied in my life
that has given me the strength to
conquer all that comes before me
you